[Music]
Wow there's great news for those people
with two left feet you have two ways to
fix that one transplantation surgery
which will get you off on the right foot
or two which is way easier five of the
most popular dances of all time with
step by step explanations
hey there bright ciders how about we do
some dancing in case you're thinking man
I'll pass on that because I really can't
dance don't worry this video guide can
change your life once and for all if you
want to be the life of the party and if
people turn their heads and ask where
you got your moves from you're in for a
treat this step-by-step guide is so
simple that it'll teach even the
clumsiest of people to dance like a pro
before you put your dancing shoes on
ring the notification bell to stay
updated on everything that comes from
the bright side of life ready to hit the
floor now here's the twist
this one is also fairly simple yet there
are fewer twist answers out there than
people who know all the moves to the
mock arena let's twist it all around
stand straight and keep your knees
flexible start by moving one foot
forward it should be slightly ahead of
your back foot hold both your arms away
from your body and slightly bend your
elbows
imagine you're jogging and keep your
arms just like that keep the upper part
of your arms closer to your body and the
lower part of your arms diagonally out
and upward while twisting let your arms
move naturally with your hip movements
as your waist twists back so should your
arm on the same side meanwhile the other
arm will move forward now what about
your legs swing them from side to side
in time with your hips as you swing your
hips rotate your torso as well when you
move your hips to the right the right
side of your waist should come forward
and the left side will shift back your
right leg also comes forward when you
swing your hips to the left your waist
and torso should naturally rotate to the
left your left leg then moves forward
naturally now rock from side to side
shifting your weight from foot to foot
as you twist to the right your weight
should shift to your right foot as you
twist to the left
that's right it all goes onto your left
foot while twisting keep your knees
slightly bent this will help you stay
low and keep your balance it's a good
idea to practice first without music in
front of a mirror to watch your moves
are you done with that Park then try it
all with the music catch the beat and
follow it to keep up with the rhythm of
the music land your twists on a beat
move one foot forward start twisting
your hips let your arms move along
naturally and keep them slightly bent
rotate your torso remember to move your
legs to the rhythm swing your hips to
the right and your waist and torso
follow along swing your hips to the left
and they follow along again shift your
weight from foot to foot all right
you're doing great keep twisting to the
beat of the music the moonwalk
ah the signature move of Michael Jackson
himself might seem effortless but it
takes quite a lot of practice find a
smooth and non-stick surface to practice
on put on some socks you'll need to
glide across the floor and those will
help to keep your balance place your
legs around three to six inches apart
now get on the ball of your right foot
in other words raise your right heel
shift all your weight onto your right
foot your left foot should feel
weightless your left foot goes back so
that your toes get in line with the heel
of your right foot meanwhile your right
heel goes down slowly if you're doing it
right your left foot should look like
it's floating backwards your left heel
should now go up and you do exactly the
opposite of what you just did all your
weight is now on your left foot it
should go down slowly as your right foot
is moving backward keep switching your
feet to make it look more real as if
you're going forward move your head as
if it has been left behind in the
movement punch up your shoulders as well
when done correctly the moonwalk should
create the illusion of you moving
forward while you're actually moving
back are you ready to give it another go
[Music]
raise your right heel and your left foot
goes backward raise your left heel and
your right foot goes backward switch the
roles of each flight well done the King
of Pop himself would be impressed
[Music]
salsa
as you can guess from its lively and
sensual style salsa has Cuban and Puerto
Rican origins it's a bit more
complicated than the dance as we already
learned but you aren't afraid of a
challenge are you salsa has eight counts
let's start by practicing the basic
moves later you can learn more
complicated moves and practice them with
a partner get your feet flat on the
floor hip-width apart
on count one your left foot takes one
step up front on count two you step back
on your right foot
without raising it it's about shifting
your weight back to it on count three
you bring your left foot back to the
original neutral position count four
might become your favourite as you just
have to stand still
it's a pause on count five you take a
step behind with your right foot on
count six shift your body weight to your
left foot
keep it down without raising it on count
seven your right foot returns to its
neutral position count eight is a pause
so you just standstill if there's two of
you one partner is the lead and the
second follows the lead usually a man
holds his partner's right hand with a
thumb over her hand
the followers arm is on the top of the
leaders the right hand goes on the upper
back of the partner both arms should be
perpendicular to the ground this is
called a closed position the lead moves
forward and the follower does all their
moves backward now let's imagine you're
the lead and we're ready to start on
count one you take a step forward with
your left foot your partner should take
a step backward with their right foot
you shift your weight onto the right
foot your partner shifts their weight
onto their left foot on count three take
a step backward with your left foot your
partner takes a step forward with their
right foot count four is a pause
count five is when you take a step
behind with your right foot on count six
your body moves to your left foot on
count seven your right foot goes back to
the starting position on count eight you
stand still there you go
Samba finally it's time for the
Brazilian waltz which is also known as
the Samba you're going to need a partner
for this dance but it won't hurt to
practice the moves before you get into
action on the dance floor if you already
have a partner get into the closed
position we just discussed when talking
about salsa
the trick with Samba is to catch its
rhythm there should be three steps in
two beats the step pattern is the
following one and two two and two three
and four the end step should be a quick
step as you perform the steps remember
to bounce a bat
lift your feet as if there's a pencil in
the floor that you mustn't step on your
knees should be soft and bouncing and
your torso is straight look right in
front of you
the leader and follower are doing the
same steps mirroring each other we'll
learn the basic steps for the leader
part in case you're going to be the
follower when you practice with a
partner later remember that the follower
steps back when the leader steps forward
and steps with a right foot when the
leader steps with their left foot so
let's go for it step forward with your
left foot on count one the an-2 is a
quick step your right foot steps in
beside your left foot your weight shifts
onto your left foot on count two on and
your weight quickly goes back onto your
right foot on count two you take a step
backward with your right foot on and you
take a step with your left foot so that
it's in line with your right foot
remember that it's a quick step finally
on count four shift your weight to your
right foot your hips should also bounce
to the rhythm and if you're practicing
by yourself let your arms move around
freely as well the music will guide you
through this
now to practice this let's reverse the
steps you'll have to do it anyway if you
take the follower position later on your
right foot starts with a step backward
your left foot quickly moves to it you
shift your weight onto your right foot
take a step forward with your left foot
quickly move your right foot to meet it
shift the weight onto your left foot
which stays in place keep practicing to
the music going faster until you can do
all the steps automatically and there
you go
good for you
[Music]
so which of these dances is your
favorite tell us in the comments below
don't forget to give us a like and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]